Summary:

Proposed fork of Monkey Tokens with newly forked tokens to be distributed according to buyback list of Monkey Classic Tokens. 


Abstract:

Classic Monkey Tokens are generally all in the buyback wallets and have not been distributed.  This limits the ability to move forward with other projects as all tokens and all control of the tokens is centrally located and bottle necked.


Motivation:

As noted, Monkey Improvement Protocols, MIX and VC proposals are all on hold pending distribution and resolution of currently held Monkey Assets.  By forking the Monkey Token Family this resolves the pending distribution issue and allows Classic as well as Monkey Venture Currency to move forward. 

Further, the issue of which branch or which Fork of Monkey is the “just” branch or the one with the greatest potential value then becomes moot.  

Both entities benefit from this innovation. 


 Specification:

Technical issues should be considered relative to the MIX WP.  Further, if the post Monkey Fork Assets are to be fungible with MIX then there should be some consideration to the idea of fungible ratios.  Ideally this should respect the initial assumptions about relative value of the tokens. 


Rationale:

Current developments are hampered by ongoing acrimony among the DMH, Risknerd, and monkey community members.  

There is greater potential value in allowing co-development and synergistic benefit vs. cont’d destruction of value via allegations and media feud.  

Increased value in either Classic or VC Fork will contribute value to the affiliate Fork.  

Some regulatory issues potentially exist as DMH has provided tacit approval for this but there needs to be more formal terms regarding coordination as determined by DMH and Risknerd. 

Perhaps the greatest potential value will be derived from the sale of a Crytpo Asset Family and Brand.   The sale of the Crypto Asset Family and Brand will create significant interest in the tokens of both Forks, leading to cont’d value. 
